coach young you coming to Reynolds
Coliseum and defeat NC State 5554 quite
a dramatic ending kind of just run us
through what happened there well you
know I we had the ball on the inline six
seconds to play which is a pretty good
situation down one we had something had
worked a couple of times but in a game
that had a lot of special plays and
great individual plays and performances
the unselfish play from Spencer to give
that thing to Justin down there streak
into the basket was was a sight to
behold a terrific play in the right play
and passing up a good shot for a great
shot and those are the little things
that that helped you get out of places
such as this with with wins and needless
to say awfully proud of our team I
thought they played their guts out
Justin Gordon lays it in with 1.9
seconds left what did you tell the team
going into the timeout you know
obviously don't want to foul up one
don't let him catch it behind you lacy
got behind us a little bit you wanted
somebody over the ball so they couldn't
loft it up there we didn't handle that
part of it very good but you know guys
you play teams like this they've got
good players and good players make great
plays and lacy made a great play
fortunately for us it was after the horn
sounded and we get out of here with you
know a terrific win as you said lacy
hits about a 20 22 footer at the buzzer
what were your thoughts when when he
first did it did you think it was in on
time or thought was a good shot coach
Godfrey came down mark and I go way back
and he was very complimentary and very
kind and he finished what he was saying
with I think the shot was good and I
said you know what I think the shot was
good as well but you know that's why
they have the technology in arenas such
as this to get the call right to make
sure they get it right that is that's
that's a call that has to be reviewed
and you know they studied it and
I'm certain I'm certain they got they
got it right and you know that's all you
ask you know I've been on the other end
of that that Xavier a couple of years
ago but you know no no mistake that this
came down to our team playing great
basketball and tough and unselfish and
you know we garden we rebounded all
right coach great win congratulations
thanks a lot of all the great plays
Spencer Collins themselves just in there
was an ambulance you won because you
guard it in your rebounded there's no
secrets here all right you won because
you were unbelievable defensively and on
the glass and I am really proud of our
team and that you know make no mistake
about it we've got a Charleston Southern
team coming in on Wednesday so we'll
enjoy this for a little bit but there
comes a time you turn your attention and
we got a play and another very good team
but that right there is a hell